c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\DisqueriaAspNet.dll.config
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\DisqueriaAspNet.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\DisqueriaAspNet.pdb
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\obj\Debug\DisqueriaAspNet.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\obj\Debug\DisqueriaAspNet.pdb
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\x86\sqlcese40.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\x86\sqlceqp40.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\x86\sqlceme40.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\x86\sqlceer40EN.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\x86\sqlcecompact40.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\x86\sqlceca40.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\x86\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\README_ENU.txt
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\x86\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\msvcr90.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\amd64\sqlcese40.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\amd64\sqlceqp40.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\amd64\sqlceme40.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\amd64\sqlceer40EN.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\amd64\sqlcecompact40.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\amd64\sqlceca40.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\README_ENU.txt
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\msvcr90.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\Microsoft.VC90.CRT.manifest
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\x86\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\Microsoft.VC90.CRT.manifest
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
c:\users\yfajouri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DisqueriaAspNet\DisqueriaAspNet\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.xml
